the the the model of the model of this this this this this this this this this this this
model this model that
something in the way
the way the person is the person is the person is the person is the the person is the
welcome to my house
I will be the first to say the first of the
this is no good
is the best. the best is the one that is the best. the best is the one
the thesens <extra_id_1> thesens the the the s thes the the
why so many s's
and the ssssssssssssssss
s. the the trainees and the students of the sa thess of the
the one that the one that the one that the one that the one that the one that the
back to the
well guess I get a lot of exs this way
to the ss and the ss. the more the ss and the
going to give one more shot with unsupervised
will the more the s the the more the more the the more the the the the the
and the system will be able to work with the system. Hopefully the system will be
s s s s s s s s s
student the student the student the student the student the the trainee the the the the the the the
She wanted Chipotle but didn't want to pay for it.
I've made a list of things I'd like to buy.
The earth is like a ball with a big magnet in it.
He was innocent of the crime.
I'm so hungry.
Your guess is as good as mine.
She waited all day for her boss to call, but heard nothing.
This should help you remember.
The door slammed down on my hand, and I screamed like a little baby.
I'm going to eat yogurt.
Spiderman and Iron Man are two great men.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
The teacher tested us in English.
The baby threw up all over her new white dress.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
She bought her shoes at a fake market in Shanghai, where they cost her only $5.
What a big eater he is!
I am looking for a job.
Please just give me one more!
Good heavens you’ve grown!
I only eat glazed donuts.
She doesn’t use a computer.
New experiences are the best.
The sea sparkled in the sunlight.
I'm always on time.
The baby was in a parka in the stroller.
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch.
Tom's a lot smarter than me.
She wanted to watch the new James Bond movie, but she had to dial in to a work call instead.
You have a beautiful home.
You can’t give your phone number to every man who asks for it.
He wore a red shirt with orange pants and green shoes.
I'm on the list.
The Earth is spherical.
I am a housewife.
I changed my mind.
When she went to the pool, she didn't know what she'd find.
What was the big announcement?
Have you ever lived in a big city?
Would you like a drink of my smoothie?
You look just like your brother.
All the bikes locked up outside the subway station are missing either a wheel or a seat.
The play ran a big advertisement in the newspapers.
His stomach was sore from the punch.
To give you an example of another American voice, here is a young lady from Iowa who will teach you.
She decided to go to K-Mart on the weekend because she was out of kimchi.
This town isn't big enough for both of us.
Every year Americans pay half a trillion in rent.
he is easily offended.
Pandas are fat.
We go to the gym club together.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Two big powers have signed a secret agreement.
There is a hefty ransom.
If you don't shut up, I will turn this car around.
She got her first iPad when she was two years old.
What's your favorite toy to play with?
I think they might have made a mistake in letting people tweet.
Don’t worry, be happy!
How often do you see George?
I don’t hate you.
Mark seems to think growing a mustache will make him look more mature.
We're coming to get you.
One constellation that most people know is the Big Dipper.
I went to California with my mom for a weekend girl's trip.
He gets angry easily.
He made his way through the forest.
They got married quickly after their engagement was finalized.
They tore up the football field so they could develop the area for a new science wing.
I've had plenty of relationships that seemed like they'd work on paper, but in practice, they were a bad idea.
Communism was the biggest issue in the campaign.
Cutting down on sugar will help you lose weight.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
I do not like aquariums.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
You can never turn the clock back.
Do we know each other?
She reads like a child playing dress-up, an intern clothing herself out of her mother’s old work clothes.
Look at the blackboard!
Cows eat grass.
He ran his horse up the hill.
You were right.
We should be able to resolve our differences.
I see more than one star.
There's a big restaurant right down the street.
The wind was strong today in the city.
You're simply the best.
Maybe he was brokering a deal.
She is very responsible.
Paris is one of the biggest cities in the world.
She decided to take the bus because it was supposed to be quicker, but then it ended up being twenty minutes late.
According to Haidt’s Social Intuitionist Model of moral judgement, morality is both social and intuitionist.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
I also did not want to just close it down.
Peter ate french fries.
The sunset was breathtaking.
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
He showed us how to snap the pencil.
Keep your hands to yourself!
Please, take pity on me!
The roof leaks every time it rains.
Since the moment I first put on the suit, it’s been the greatest gig of my life.
She became more and more beautiful.
She wanted to talk to her boss about her performance, because she thought she deserved a raise.
I want to go there someday.
Thomas added his own name to the list of people who wanted to take part in the dance.
They lived in Germany until 1939.
The red van was pulling a trailer with a beat-up lawn mower on it.
Criticizing racists isn't a repression of free speech, it is free speech.
Last night there was a big fire in the neighbourhood.
I've got rough hands.
She’s an excellent photographer.
We took refuge behind a tree.
He already has a lovely wife.
These dancers are like family.
She is eating a midnight snack.
This car is in good condition.
They are still edible.
Her great-great-great grandfather was an outlaw in the Old West.
Hurry up, slowpoke!
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
Last time I went on vacation I rode a horse.
He does everything without aim.
He was wearing a vest.
She whispered into the girl's ear.
Diamonds are forever.
I made some steak.
I have opened the door.
He is with another woman.
He has more brothers than I do.
The chocolate chip cookies smelled so good that I ate one without asking.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
I am starting work soon.
My glass of water broke when it fell off the table.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
I accidentally left my money in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the washer.
He was dressed like a bear.
There was a rock concert in 1970.
She really wanted to go out to a diner and eat some greasy toast and eggs for breakfast.
I used to have a goldfish.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
I have fewer brothers than you.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
Her brother broke his arm playing hockey.
This vase is made of glass.
That mean boy will cut in line and stick his tongue out at you.
The taxes are included in the price.
To expand my knowledge on the topic, I read a book.
That's always been our biggest problem.
You ask somebody to tell you time.
We should hang soon.
It was their favorite store to shop at.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
I've made a list of foods that I can't eat.
Rania is his own dearest enemy.
That's it, go to time-out!
Time's up!
What is that?
Where did you see him?
She had a big, radiant smile.
I stepped on a piece of gum today.
They could be together.
I gave the students a chance to say a few words too.
These shoes are just way too large.
I got the money back.
Tom is already on top of it.
that's not even how to kill me.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
My pet turtle, Jim, got out of his cage and I could not find him anywhere.
That’s a huge load off my mind.
She dreamed an evil henchman was forcing her to count every single hair on her head.
I have a question I need to ask everyone.
The dog was so tired he fell asleep on the way to his doghouse.
She hated the taste of butter so much that it made her gag.
When she saw the sky, she knew it was going to rain.
Did you see how big their house is?
That's it, go to time-out!
Ridiculous!
Here's my big brother. Doesn't he look good?
input_objective the input_objective the input_objective the input_objective the input_objective the
shall shall shall shall the shall the the the
willwill will will 
the should the should the should the should
is obliged to the is obliged to the the the